---
layout: post
title: "Snap Back to Reality"
---

### What did you do this past week?
I spent almost all my free time on IDB3 until Thursday night when I left town. I had to get my part, the site-wide search, done well before I leave so we would have time to integrate it and troubleshoot inevitable bugs. I spent the weekend in Salt Lake City at a professional handball tournament which was a blast.

### What's in your way?
I have a pretty free week but two tests on the same day next Thursday, so I should use my week to prepare for the debacle that will be. Another concern this week will be integrating my project into my research labs main/master repo. There's some configuration work I have to do to get the project to run and to get all tests passing on Travis.

### What will you do next week?
Like I said above, my focus will be on preparation for my tests next week and integrating my research project. There's also some talk on the handball team of reforming our program to focus on recruiting and technique development through review. I'm excited to be a part of the discussion as I've only been on the team for about 3 or 4 months.

### What's my experience of the class?
I like that we're learning about singletons and factories-- they're something I've always heard/read about but never really understood. One slightly confusing aspect is the on-the-fly switching from Python to Java (although it's been pretty consistently Java lately).

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
I came across [this article](http://www.rankred.com/nasa-coding-rules/) this week and it really interested me. We talked about writing safety-critical programs in OS a bit (one major advantage of having Oshana over Norman was his frequent insights into real-life problems and solutions). This really articulated the subject. I've never written code that has to be this tight but if I ever have to, I feel like I have a better idea of the method and goal. One of my favorite parts of the article: “The rules act like the seat-belt in your car: initially they are perhaps a little uncomfortable, but after a while their use becomes second-nature and not using them becomes unimaginable.”
