---
layout: post
title: Time Management
---

### What did you do this past week?
I had my first test of the semester on Thursday. It was one of those tests where I could have gotten anywhere from an 85 to a 55. I also began brainstorming ways to solve Netflix. I spent the weekend playing at a handball tournament in Arlington.

### What's in your way?
This is shaping up to be a fairly normal week in terms of schoolwork, but I have some other stuff going on (apartment tours, career fair) that makes it a little busier. A main focus this week will be the Netflix project.

### What will you do next week?
The Netflix project is a main priority. I've decided to work alone because I wasn't available to work this weekend, and that would be unfair to a partner. I have some Linear Algebra and Statistics homework too. I'll also be attending the career fair even though I've already signed with Home Depot for the summer.

### What's my experience of the class?
I like what we're doing in class- in my experience with Python, I never really questioned why certain things happen and usually just Google anything that doesn't work, click on the first link to StackOverflow, and skim the answer. It's interesting to learn *why* things work and not just *how*.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
After brainstorming a while about ways to solve Netflix, I thought that trying to determine how a person would rate a movie based on how people similar to them rated it could be a good solution. To find similar people, I could think of every movie as a dimension and ratings as values in those dimensions, and try to cluster users into groups based on their ratings. I realized that with a dataset as large as this one, there needed to be some optimization to make this plausible. This brings me to my pick-of-the-week: **locality sensitive hashing**. In a paper ([Locality-Sensitive Hashing for Finding Nearest Neighbors](http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/4472264/)) I read, the author explains that while normal hash tables are good at finding exact matches, locality sensitive hashing are good at finding approximate matches. This would be suitable to find clusters quickly.
I eventually realized the high-dimensional clustering approach doesn't work very well with this data (at least as I understand it) but still thought this was pretty interesting.
