---
layout: post
title: Getting Down to Business
---

### What did you do this past week?
I've been trying to stay afloat in terms of schoolwork while gearing up for the national handball tournament next month. I had a tournament this weekend (writing this on Monday) in San Antonio. I also had my first homework in linear algebra due, which I stayed up late Wednesday to finish and got sick. Still getting over that.

### What's in your way?
I'm still working on time management. I've taken on a lot (maybe too many!) resposibilities this semester so I feel like I'm in too deep right now. I felt the same way last semester- I think I just need to adjust my priorities and get used to being busy.

### What will you do next week?
First thing on the agenda is finishing stats/linear homework. I'm using SWE homework as motivation to work on work in other classes because I'm looking forward to doing it. I've got the environment partially set up but need to make sure a few more things are working properly (mainly Travis CI).

### What's my experience of the class?
I got called on for the first time this week- it was a rush. I've kind of known that Prof. Downing tries to lead students to answers so it's not an insane amount of pressure, but of course I still wanted to impress him and the rest of the class.
I've never really looked at exceptions in Python in depth and have realized how cool they are.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
Since we've been learning about error handling in Python, I took another look at error handling in Go (using it for another project). Go doesn't use try/catch/throw like what I've seen in Python and Java, but instead returns an error type along with any normal return value. Then the caller can check if the error is non-null and handle it if necessary. At first I was a little annoyed with all the "if err != nil"'s peppering my programs but I've grown to like this approach.
