---
layout: post
title: "Learning From Our Mistakes"
---

### What did you do this past week?
My main concern this past week was definitely the IDB project. We started early but still ended up rushing around at the end. I also finished up my poster for my research presentation. What really messed us up was moving from SQLite to PostreSQL. I lost my ability to test my code because I couldn't get Postres configured right on my machine, so I was pushing blind for the last few hours.

### What's in your way?
Something I'd really say is "in my way" is my presentation at the Undergraduate Research Forum on Wednesday. I don't exactly have a plan on how to present my project, although I have some experience presenting the ideas because I'm the only person in the lab that's worked on it so I've had to explain it in detail to about a dozen different people. I've never really explained it "assuming no prior knowledge" like I'll have to on Wednesday since all those people worked in the lab.

### What will you do next week?
Besides the research presentation, I'll be working on phase 3 and studying for a linear algebra test on Thursday. A big part of phase 3, at least for me, will be communication with the other teams, particularly the team using our API. Since I wrote the API, I'll be in charge of modifications and tweaking to fit the other team's needs.

### What's my experience of the class?
I'm glad we're starting to move away from the database stuff as I'm not a huge fan of it. I like what I've read of the refactoring book. I also like the time put aside for group planning in classes-- I think it's helped our group stay on top of things when Slack communication is sparse.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
This is going to be a bit different from my usual article-of-the-week; I'm actually going to go with a tip that I've learned first-hand this week.
It seems obvious: make branches for features/issues, pull request into dev or master. Our group agreed to follow that structure, but most of our branches became personal branches and weren't deleted after they were merged. We all took our branches in different directions and tried to avoid overlap, but didn't completely. When we finally began to incorporate  each other's code, we made the mistake of merging into each other's branches, not into a dev branch or master. This resulted in some really weird conflicts and some code being overwritten without us knowing. Not good.
My tip: source control isn't something to be lazy about, a little work throughout a project can save you a lot of work later on.
