---
layout: post
title: "Starting early"
---

### What did you do this past week?
This week was pretty hectic; I got all my homework turned in and submitted my scholarship application on time which was my main concern. Our SWE group met pretty regularly and began planning for the current project as soon as we turned in the last one, which has really helped us keep a reasonable schedule. We've started doing a kind of virtual standup over slack-- everyone drops a daily update in the updates channel. We've also started using Trello.

### What's in your way?
I still haven't emailed Home Depot about my role this Summer which is something that should take less than an hour and needs to be ASAP, so that's high on my list of priorities. Other than that, my focus this week will be on IDB and some weekly homework for stats and linear algebra.

### What will you do next week?
My number one task this week is bridging the gap between the front end and back end and implementing the API. I'm also working on establishing some structure and standards, particularly in our CSS. I've been pushing to keep CSS for each model page in separate files and import as needed instead of having a single massive stylesheet. I've also been establishing a naming standard: elements we define begin with "idb-<model name>-..." where model name is the model that the template is serving. This is mainly to keep our defined elements differentiable from those of bootstrap as a glance.

### What's my experience of the class?
I like the SQL stuff we've been learning but I feel it's a little ironic that we're focusing on this but required to use SQLAlchemy, which completely circumvents it. In terms of the class project, I think this is one of the most valuable project, in terms of similarity to real-world work, that I've worked on in school so far. Not only have I learned about web development and databases, I've also learned about agile development and working in a team.


### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
I'm pretty into security so I found [this article](https://martinfowler.com/articles/session-secret.html) pretty interesting and relevant to what we're doing. We're not planning on using any cookies, but if we were, this is something we should be wary of. To set a session encryption key in Flask, it's as simple as changing a property of app:
```
app.secret_key = 'SECRET KEY HERE'
```

But, in investigating how Flask uses the secret keys, I came across [this article](https://blog.miguelgrinberg.com/post/how-secure-is-the-flask-user-session) that demonstrates the vulnerabilities in Flask's cookie-based sessions. It suggests more secure alternatives, like the use of the Flask-Session package to do sessions on server side instead of in cookies.
