---
layout: post
title: Preparations & Anticipation
---

### What did you do this past week?
I got my first test of the semester back-- an 80. Not bad, but not great either. I also finished the Netflix project, ableit a day late. I grossly underestimated the time it would take to complete and started it the day it was due. I ran into a few annoying problems with my UTCS account running out of memory; I ended up compressing, deleting, or moving most of my files to Google Drive. I did save a lot of time by using someone else's cache. (thanks, Scott Hornberger!) I've also been trying to find housing for next year and am in the process of submitting an application, which is exciting and nerve-racking for me.

### What's in your way?
I'm going to be missing a pretty large chunk of class for handball nationals, so that could be difficult to manage. I need to get as much as possible done on Monday/Tuesday so that I don't fall behind. I'll also be bringing all my books/laptop to stay up to date on readings and assignments.

### What will you do next week?
I'll spend most of next week in Tempe, Arizona! I'm really excited but apprehensive about missing more class than I ever have in college. I've just joined a group for project 3 so I'll have some accountability and will definitely start this project at a reasonable time.

### What's my experience of the class?
I enjoy what we've been learning about the intricacies of iterators in Python. I've always kind of pictured everything as lists in my head but iterators are pretty cool and seem very useful. I'm excited to work with a group on this next project, but I've never worked in such a large group before.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
This week I came across a very scary but very cool piece of software. [Evilpass](https://github.com/SirCmpwn/evilpass) is a password verification tool that doesn't just check for length or special character usage-- it also tries to log in to other accounts using the proposed password! It reports back if it can successfully log in with the password and tells the user that their password can't be the same as their `<other account>` password.
