---
layout: post
title: Takin' Care of Business
---

### What did you do this past week?
A few of my classes had assignments due this week. Two deadlines on Thursday forced me to recover my work ethic and have my most productive day of the semester. Early morning coffee and linear algebra homework, then class, then an afternoon and evening spent on Collatz. I've also been gearing up for handball nationals, which means practice 4 days a week. I'm definitely making progress on that front but still have a ways to go to get to the level I want to be at for nationals.

### What's in your way?
I have another out-of-town handball tournament next weekend so I need to plan ahead and get ahead. I'm also pretty behind on readings, so I need to put aside some time to catch up.

### What will you do next week?
I want to get started early on the Netflix project so I don't do what I did this week. Plus, I have a partner this project so I have both of our time and schedules to consider. I also have to catch up on some reading, as mentioned above.

### What's my experience of the class?
Class was interesting this week; I enjoyed the talk by Chris Martin from Bloomberg. Seeing real-world applications of things we're learning is encouraging and helps enforce that this matters. So far, my impression of this class is that aims to teach on the tools and processes involved in developing software. In most of my previous classes, the focus is pretty niche and I get the impression that the stuff we're learning is either not used in the real world, or, on the other end of the spectrum, are common knowledge. But I do admit that I wouldn't understand What we're learning in SWE is stuff that I've had to (briefly and incompletely) learn at internships in the past.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
Right now, my project partner and I are communicating via text messaging. If we start using something else, I'm going to suggest we use Slack because it can be integrated with Travis CI in a way that I think would make development more streamlined. Slack can be configured to send updates on builds in a chat, which would keep us up to date on the current status of the project all the time.
