---
layout: post
title: Recovery and Midterms
---

### What did you do this past week?
Like the title of the post says, this week was mostly recovering from missed class and taking midterms. I had two this past week, stats (felt pretty good, surprised at how much I knew) and SWE (discussed later). I also worked on my research group project in preparation for ExploreUT, but we ended up not using it. I spent from 9am-5pm on Saturday explaining our research group to kids and now have a pretty good elevator pitch developed incase someone asks!

### What's in your way?
I have tests Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday. I'm not very confident about any of them but at least they're spaced out enough so that I can study for each one individually. My SWE group has also began seriously discussing our project and is considering the design of our project.

### What will you do next week?
Besides the tests and homework I have due, I won't be doing a whole lot. My Spring break plans are already pretty much made besides some transportation arrangements that I should make ASAP. I also need to book a flight to Salt Lake City in April for a handball tournament. Also our SWE group is going to get started on project 3.

### What's my experience of the class?
The first test was not quite what I expected. I had heard we would have to code on canvas, so I was expecting to physically be typing code into textboxes. (I'm glad we didn't have to do that!) The test also asked more about the readings than I expected; some of the database questions were much more in depth than I anticipated.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
I came across [this article](https://codewithoutrules.com/2017/03/05/failing-at-your-new-job/) this week about how starting a new job or working in a new area makes you feel really inadequate. I've definitely felt this at every new place I've worked and know I will this summer as well. It's important to remember that it's almost impossible to just jump into a new environment and make meaningful contributions. It's better to understand the system and its goals before you start trying to make changes.
The article also mentions the importance of "learning how to learn," which I agree is a very important skill. The ability to quickly acquire new expertise and learn new tools is invaluable, especially in a field as rapidly evolving as computer science.
