---
layout: post
title: "Reflections"
---

### What did you do this past week?
It was a busy week, Thursday was one of my busiest days this semester (SWE test and stats test, other homework due). This has definitely been the faster semester so far. And maybe one the hardest. I underestimated Linear Algebra+Stats+SWE but it wasn't impossible. Those three together were somewhere around the workload of OS.

### What's in your way?
Finals, obviously, but I'm also trying to get some things arranged for my internship and stressing out a bit about finding a ride to my brother's graduation next week and moving out that same day. I'm going to miss some aspects of dorm life but I'm happy to be moving on.

### What will you do next week?
Along with the things mentioned above, I'll be working with the people in the FRI class I mentor a lot because their final project is due this week. I need to get some of my own stuff working so they can use it as well. (Just need to do some more testing before submitting a PR to master.)

### What's my experience of the class this week?
The presentations were a little dull because every did basically the same thing. It would be cool to see what people did if the class didn't give so many development criteria and focused on product criteria, but I can see why it is the way it is because someone would figure out how to do it with WordPress something. The last test wasn't too bad; I clicked submit expecting something close to perfect, was pretty wrong about that, but I'm still happy with the grade and my final grade in the class (well, maybe not happy, but complacent).

## What did I think of the class as a whole?
This was an excellent class. We read [an article](https://cacm.acm.org/magazines/2010/1/55760-what-should-we-teach-new-software-developers-why/fulltext) about the gap between academia and industry and this class does a good job of bridging that. I wouldn't say that it's a replacement for an internship or other real-world experience, but it certainly gives some insight into the tools and processes that are used in industry.
