---
layout: post
title: "The Final Countdown"
---

### What did you do this past week?
Not much. I had quite a bit of free time which allowed me to catch up on my research in the AIR lab and hang out with some friends. Our SWE group also spent a a few hours together preparing for our presentation but didn't stress too much about it because collectively, we have such a good grasp on the project we could present in our sleep.

### What's in your way?
I have two tests coming up on Thursday (Stats and SWE) and I'm not ready for either. I think SWE has been passively absorbed more than stats ever could so I'll study a bit more for stats. I'll also have the opportunity to resit some past stats topics, which will improve my grade but will turn my two-test day into a three-test day.

### What will you do next week?
Beside the tests mentioned above, I need to finish integrating my changes to the AIR lab's BWI_Common repo. A few FRI groups are using my project so it would be great to get this done ASAP so they can use it without switching to my branch/etc.

### What's my experience of the class?
As it starting to wrap up, I'm looking back on this class and reflecting on what I've learned. One thing that comes to mind is how much I've learned from other students. This is a pretty hard class to get in to, so it tends to be full of juniors and seniors. As a sophomore, I have less experience in school and in industry than they do on average, so it was interesting to get some perspective from them. There was a lot of talk about "we used X last Summer and Y" that gave me some insight into life at those companies.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
[This post](https://www.troyhunt.com/reckon-youve-seen-some-stupid-security-things-here-hold-my-beer/) happened to cross my feed this week and blew my mind. I'm quite interested in security so I'm morbidly curious toward things like this, but I've never seen something this bad. This is a compilation of some of the worst security practices and, even better, the people doing them defending them. Their defenses are what really got me-- they made me realize that people doing security (if you could call it that) for huge companies have virtually no grasp of what it means to be secure.
