---
layout: post
title: ""
---

### What did you do this past week?
The timing of IDB/other class projects and tests is working out well-- I had a linear algebra test on Thursday and a stats test in 2 weeks. The linear test went pretty well; I studied relatively hard and made a few connections that helped the topics click for me. I spent the Easter weekend at home with my family and also saw some old friends.

### What's in your way?
Besides IDB3, I have a pretty free week. I have some weekly homework but no tests until statistics next week.

### What will you do next week?
My main focus is going to be IDB3. I've been tasked with the back-end of the site-wide search, which I feel totally capable of doing. I'll also be flying to Salt Lake City on Thursday night for a handball tournament, so it will be important to make sure everyone has what they need from me before then.

### What's my experience of the class?
I like the Java we've been doing. I thought I had a pretty good handle on Java from high school and 314 but I've been surprised at how clueless I am about some of the more in-depth things like function overriding.  

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
Tip: host your own resources if you can.
We had a scary experience this week because we didn't. We used the suggested CDN to load Angular and its dependencies, which we thought would be safe. On Thursday, a js-triggered pop-up starting showing up on some of our pages warning about how our computers were "infected with malware" and we needed an antivirus. After some looking into it, we realized there were also errors with Angular so we concluded that the "infected" files were coming from the Angular source. Some Google-ing revealed that this wasn't our fault and others were having this issue as well. Thankfully, it was resolved by the CDN a few hours later (apparently they were migrating something) and our site is fine now. Lesson learned!
