---
layout: post
title: First Impressions
---

### What did you do this past week?
Like everyone else at UT, I spent this week reading syllabuses and (maybe this is just me) trying to get used to waking up before noon again. I'm in SWE, stats, linear algebra, and gov, and I'm also mentoring for the Autonomous Intelligent Robotics FRI lab. Outside school, I just joined the Texas Handball Team, which is one of those things I didn't even know about until a semester ago but really enjoy.

### What's in your way?
In terms of getting going on schoolwork, I think I need to kind of recover my work ethic. I didn't do a whole lot over the break so I need to refocus and get some momentum in terms of concentrating and getting assignments done.

### What will you do next week?
I have some linear/stats homework due, but for SWE, my XP and JS: good parts books should be coming in any day now so I have some catching up to do reading those. A have a few ideas for web-apps that I might try to whip up real quick to brush up on my flask and try out some of the testing stuff we've learned in class.

### What's my experience of the class?
I've enjoyed the class so far. I have a decent amount of experience with Python but haven't looked into testing very much-- I've done testing in other languages but my Python projects tend to be more hacky and less fleshed-out.
I like Prof. Downing's method of ensuring class participation. It also really helps to keep me focused (and a little on edge!)

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
We'll probably be learning about flask extensions later in the class, but my favorite that I've used is Flask-Mobility. It allows you to serve templates corresponding with user-agents. All you have to do is specify the mobile path in a decorator. For me, it cut down a ton of time working on responsiveness.