---
layout: post
title: Handball Nationals
---

### What did you do this past week?
Monday was a pretty normal day besides the week's worth of homework I did that night. On Tuesday, I turned in all my homework for the week and caught a flight to Tempe, Arizona to play in the Collegiate Handball Nationals! I'm currently feeling the effects of missing almost a week of school-- doesn't feel great. However, it's definitely worth it; my time in Arizona was one of my favorite experiences in college so far.
We didn't do very well at nationals, our men's team didn't place and women placed 2nd (down from 1st last year). Personally, I lost all three games I played, but felt like I was playing the best I ever have. I guess I can't be too upset because that means that the people who beat me are genuinely better than me. I also made a ton of news friends and had some very interesting experiences.

### What's in your way?
This is going to be a rough week for me-- I have two tests (Tues. and Thurs.) and have a deadline for a research group project that is going to be demoed at ExploreUT.

### What will you do next week?
I'll be studying for my tests and working on my research project. For the research project I'll be expanding on some work I did last semester: displaying live locations of mobile robots (the ones you see wondering around the GDC) across multiple floors. The multiple floors part is what I'm working on right now.
I'll also be in working with my project 3 group and making preparations to begin work on that.

### What's my experience of the class?
Like I mentioned above, I was out for the majority of the week. I stayed up to date on what we did in class via the class webpage and managed to catch up on some reading at the tournament. I'm actually really enjoying the JavaScript book despite all of JavaScript's weird intricacies.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
If you stay up to date on programming/tech related news, you might have seen that this week, [a method](https://security.googleblog.com/2017/02/announcing-first-sha1-collision.html) was found for generating SHA1 collisions. Although it's 20 years old and technically no longer supported, it's still widely used (see also: Windows XP) so this is a potentially dangerous find. Someone also made [a pretty neat tool](https://shattered.io/) to demo the method and test vulnerabilities.
