---
layout: post
title: No Sleep Till Spring Break
---

### What did you do this past week?
This was a really tough week. I spent the weekend volunteering at ExploreUT recovering from the SWE test, not studying for my tests this week, which is what I should've been doing. I had government tests on Monday and Wednesday, both entirely writing, which I don't mind but I'm not exactly used to. I also had a linear algebra test on Thursday which I could have been more prepared for.

### What's in your way?
Nothing! I'm looking forward to spending time with family and friends over Spring break.

### What will you do next week?
I'm spending the first half of the week at home and then driving to Tuscon, Arizona for a handball tournament. My parents got a new dog, Gus, since I've been home; I've been looking forward to meeting him for months and have been spending a lot of time on the floor curled up next to him. I'll also be spending some time at Rice hanging out with a friend from high-school and will probably test drive some cars when I get back from Houston because I'll need one for my internship this Summer.

### What's my experience of the class?
Learning about decorators has been really interesting; I've always kind of treated them as magic heading I put above functions to give them certain properties. It's definitely good to know how they actually work so I can start writing my own decorator functions without copy-pasting half the function from stack-overflow.


### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
I came across [this article](https://blog.codinghorror.com/password-rules-are-bullshit/) (pardon the profanity) this week-- it articulated something I've felt for a while. I've had to create a few passwords that have such outlandish requirements that I can't use my normal passwords/modifications and have to use "forgot password" every time I use the site or, even worse, write my password in a .txt file on my desktop. Another thing that I find interesting is the idea that we're moving past traditional passwords and should start developing new ways to authenticate users. One of the most unique ways I've heard proposed: have the user type out a few sentences or interact with a webpage, then feed the data about key press timings and other helpful information into a machine learning system that can verify the user's identity.
On the surface, this seems to be pretty secure, but may be annoying as it would take a bit more time to do.
